docs: Update integration properties to table format (#178)
SmartBear/swaggerhub-cli: examples/integrations/README.md

Integrations are created for an API using the `integration:create` command. The command takes a configuration file for the integration settings. Each integration has a different set of properties that can be configured.

**Note:** 
* SwaggerHub On-Premise users need v. 1.26 to use the `integration:create` command.

> * Amazon API Gateway Integration is not supported in Swggerhub On-Premise

Reviewer: "not _yet_ supported"

> **Note:** 
> * SwaggerHub On-Premise users need v. 1.26 to use the `integration:create` command.
> * Amazon API Gateway Integration is not supported yet in Swggerhub On-Premise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Notes:** 
* SwaggerHub On-Premise users need v. 1.26 to use the `integration:create` command.
* Amazon API Gateway Integration is not supported yet in SwaggerHub On-Premise.
```
